README.md, before:

# My VS CODE SETTINGS

## Themes

### Ayu

A simple theme with bright colors and comes in three versions — dark, light and mirage for all day long comfortable work.

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install ayu`

Then Set File Icon Theme as Ayu

[Website](https://github.com/dempfi/ayu)

## Plugins

### Python

A Visual Studio Code extension with rich support for the Python language (for all actively supported versions of the language: >=3.7), including features such as IntelliSense (Pylance), linting, debugging, code navigation, code formatting, refactoring, variable explorer, test explorer, and more!

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install ms-python.python`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python)

### Indent-Rainbow

This extension colorizes the indentation in front of your text, alternating four different colors on each step. Some may find it helpful in writing code for Python, Nim, Yaml, and probably even filetypes that are not indentation dependent.

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install oderwat.indent-rainbow`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=oderwat.indent-rainbow)

### Python Indent

Every time you press the Enter key in a Python context, this extension will parse your Python file up to the location of your cursor, and determine exactly how much the next line (or two in the case of hanging indents) should be indented and how much nearby lines should be un-indented.

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install KevinRose.vsc-python-indent`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=KevinRose.vsc-python-indent)

### Bracket Pair Colorizer

A VS Code extension that gives you a simple command to quickly toggle the global “Bracket Pair Colorization” setting added in VS Code v1.60.

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install 'Bracket Pair Colorization'`

### Code Runner

Run C, C++, Java, JS, PHP, Python, Perl, Ruby, Go, Lua, Groovy, PowerShell, CMD, BASH, F#, C#, VBScript, TypeScript, CoffeeScript, Scala, Swift, Julia, Crystal, OCaml, R, AppleScript, Elixir, VB.NET, Clojure, Haxe, Obj-C, Rust, Racket, Scheme, AutoHotkey, AutoIt, Kotlin, Dart, Pascal, Haskell, Nim,

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install formulahendry.code-runner`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.code-runner)

### Color Highlight

Highlight web colors in your editor

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install naumovs.color-highlight`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=naumovs.color-highlight)

### DotENV

Support for dotenv file syntax

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install mikestead.dotenv`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mikestead.dotenv)

### EditorConfig for VS Code

EditorConfig Support for Visual Studio Code

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install EditorConfig.EditorConfig`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig)

### ESLint

Integrates ESLint JavaScript into VS Code.

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install dbaeumer.vscode-eslint`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)

### Markdown All in One

All you need to write Markdown (keyboard shortcuts, table of contents, auto preview and more)

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install yzhang.markdown-all-in-one`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzhang.markdown-all-in-one)

### Live Server

Launch a development local Server with live reload feature for static & dynamic pages

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install ritwickdey.LiveServer`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer)

### Live Share

Real-time collaborative development from the comfort of your favorite tools.

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare)

### Prettier - Code formatter

Code formatter using prettier

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install esbenp.prettier-vscode`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)

### Prettier ESLint

Code formatter using prettier

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install rvest.vs-code-prettier-eslint`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rvest.vs-code-prettier-eslint)

## Personal settings

```

{
	"editor.fontSize": 16,
	"editor.lineHeight": 24,
	"editor.fontFamily": "Fira Code",
	"editor.fontLigatures": true,
	"editor.rulers": [80, 120],
	"editor.formatOnSave": true,
	"editor.renderLineHighlight": "gutter",
	"editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode",
	"editor.quickSuggestions": {
		"other": true,
		"comments": false,
		"strings": true
	},
	"editor.codeActionsOnSave": {
		// For ESLint
		"source.fixAll.eslint": true
	},
	"prettier.useTabs": true,
	"terminal.integrated.defaultProfile.linux": "zsh",
	"terminal.integrated.fontSize": 14,
	"explorer.compactFolders": false,
	"[html]": {
		"editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
	},
	"[javascript]": {
		"editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
	},
	"workbench.colorTheme": "Ayu Dark",
	"workbench.iconTheme": "ayu",
	"editor.bracketPairColorization.enabled": true
}

```

Commit message:

Added a basic spell checker plugin

README.md, after:

# My VS CODE SETTINGS

## Themes

### Ayu

A simple theme with bright colors and comes in three versions — dark, light and mirage for all day long comfortable work.

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install ayu`

Then Set File Icon Theme as Ayu

[Website](https://github.com/dempfi/ayu)

## Plugins

### Python

A Visual Studio Code extension with rich support for the Python language (for all actively supported versions of the language: >=3.7), including features such as IntelliSense (Pylance), linting, debugging, code navigation, code formatting, refactoring, variable explorer, test explorer, and more!

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install ms-python.python`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python)

### Indent-Rainbow

This extension colorizes the indentation in front of your text, alternating four different colors on each step. Some may find it helpful in writing code for Python, Nim, Yaml, and probably even filetypes that are not indentation dependent.

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install oderwat.indent-rainbow`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=oderwat.indent-rainbow)

### Python Indent

Every time you press the Enter key in a Python context, this extension will parse your Python file up to the location of your cursor, and determine exactly how much the next line (or two in the case of hanging indents) should be indented and how much nearby lines should be un-indented.

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install KevinRose.vsc-python-indent`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=KevinRose.vsc-python-indent)

### Code Spell Checker

A basic spell checker that works well with code and documents.

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker)

### Bracket Pair Colorizer

A VS Code extension that gives you a simple command to quickly toggle the global “Bracket Pair Colorization” setting added in VS Code v1.60.

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install 'Bracket Pair Colorization'`

### Code Runner

Run C, C++, Java, JS, PHP, Python, Perl, Ruby, Go, Lua, Groovy, PowerShell, CMD, BASH, F#, C#, VBScript, TypeScript, CoffeeScript, Scala, Swift, Julia, Crystal, OCaml, R, AppleScript, Elixir, VB.NET, Clojure, Haxe, Obj-C, Rust, Racket, Scheme, AutoHotkey, AutoIt, Kotlin, Dart, Pascal, Haskell, Nim,

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install formulahendry.code-runner`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=formulahendry.code-runner)

### Color Highlight

Highlight web colors in your editor

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install naumovs.color-highlight`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=naumovs.color-highlight)

### DotENV

Support for dotenv file syntax

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install mikestead.dotenv`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mikestead.dotenv)

### EditorConfig for VS Code

EditorConfig Support for Visual Studio Code

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install EditorConfig.EditorConfig`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig)

### ESLint

Integrates ESLint JavaScript into VS Code.

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install dbaeumer.vscode-eslint`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)

### Markdown All in One

All you need to write Markdown (keyboard shortcuts, table of contents, auto preview and more)

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install yzhang.markdown-all-in-one`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzhang.markdown-all-in-one)

### Live Server

Launch a development local Server with live reload feature for static & dynamic pages

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install ritwickdey.LiveServer`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer)

### Live Share

Real-time collaborative development from the comfort of your favorite tools.

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MS-vsliveshare.vsliveshare)

### Prettier - Code formatter

Code formatter using prettier

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install esbenp.prettier-vscode`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)

### Prettier ESLint

Code formatter using prettier

Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install rvest.vs-code-prettier-eslint`

[Website](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rvest.vs-code-prettier-eslint)

## Personal settings

```

{
	"editor.fontSize": 16,
	"editor.lineHeight": 24,
	"editor.fontFamily": "Fira Code",
	"editor.fontLigatures": true,
	"editor.rulers": [80, 120],
	"editor.formatOnSave": true,
	"editor.renderLineHighlight": "gutter",
	"editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode",
	"editor.quickSuggestions": {
		"other": true,
		"comments": false,
		"strings": true
	},
	"editor.codeActionsOnSave": {
		// For ESLint
		"source.fixAll.eslint": true
	},
	"prettier.useTabs": true,
	"terminal.integrated.defaultProfile.linux": "zsh",
	"terminal.integrated.fontSize": 14,
	"explorer.compactFolders": false,
	"[html]": {
		"editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
	},
	"[javascript]": {
		"editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
	},
	"workbench.colorTheme": "Ayu Dark",
	"workbench.iconTheme": "ayu",
	"editor.bracketPairColorization.enabled": true
}

```
